       zpool create [-fnd] [-o property=value] ... [-O file-system-property=value] ... [-m mountpoint] [-R root] [-t tname] pool vdev ...

           Creates a new storage pool containing the virtual devices specified on the command line. The pool name must begin with a letter,
           and  can  only  contain alphanumeric characters as well as underscore ("_"), dash ("-"), period ("."), colon (":"), and space ("
           "). The pool names "mirror", "raidz", "spare" and "log" are reserved, as are names beginning with the pattern "c[0-9]". The vdev
           specification is described in the "Virtual Devices" section.

           The  command  verifies  that  each  device specified is accessible and not currently in use by another subsystem. There are some
           uses, such as being currently mounted, or specified as the dedicated dump device, that prevents a device from ever being used by
           ZFS. Other uses, such as having a preexisting UFS file system, can be overridden with the -f option.

           The command also checks that the replication strategy for the pool is consistent. An attempt to combine redundant and non-redun-
           dant storage in a single pool, or to mix disks and files, results in an error unless -f is specified.  The  use  of  differently
           sized devices within a single raidz or mirror group is also flagged as an error unless -f is specified.

           Unless  the -R option is specified, the default mount point is "/pool". The mount point must not exist or must be empty, or else
           the root dataset cannot be mounted. This can be overridden with the -m option.

           By default all supported features are enabled on the new pool unless the -d option is specified.

           -f

               Forces use of vdevs, even if they appear in use or specify a conflicting replication level. Not all devices can be  overrid-
               den in this manner.

           -n

               Displays  the  configuration  that would be used without actually creating the pool. The actual pool creation can still fail
               due to insufficient privileges or device sharing.

           -d

               Do not enable any features on the new pool. Individual features can be enabled by setting their corresponding properties  to
               enabled with the -o option. See zpool-features(5) for details about feature properties.

           -o property=value [-o property=value] ...

               Sets the given pool properties. See the "Properties" section for a list of valid properties that can be set.

           -O file-system-property=value
           [-O file-system-property=value] ...

               Sets the given file system properties in the root file system of the pool. See the "Properties" section of zfs(8) for a list
               of valid properties that can be set.

           -R root

               Equivalent to "-o cachefile=none,altroot=root"

           -m mountpoint

               Sets the mount point for the root dataset. The default mount point is "/pool" or "altroot/pool" if altroot is specified. The
               mount point must be an absolute path, "legacy", or "none". For more information on dataset mount points, see zfs(8).

           -t tname

               Sets  the  in-core pool name to "tname" while the on-disk name will be the name specified as the pool name "pool". This will
               set the default cachefile property to none. This is intended to handle name space collisions when creating pools  for  other
               systems, such as virtual machines or physical machines whose pools live on network block devices.
